Add custom error message info (#164)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: src/content/docs/dropins/user-auth/dictionary.mdx

{
  "Auth": {
    "FormText": {
      "requiredFieldError": "This is a required field.",
      "numericError": "Only numeric values are allowed.",
      "alphaNumWithSpacesError": "Only alphanumeric characters and spaces are allowed.",
      "alphaNumericError": "Only alphanumeric characters are allowed.",
      "alphaError": "Only alphabetic characters are allowed.",
      "emailError": "Please enter a valid email address.",
      "dateError": "Please enter a valid date.",
      "dateLengthError": "Date must be between {min} and {max}.",
      "dateMaxError": "Date must be less than or equal to {max}.",
      "dateMinError": "Date must be greater than or equal to {min}.",
      "urlError": "Please enter a valid URL, e.g., https://www.website.com.",
      "lengthTextError": "Text length must be between {min} and {max} characters."
    }
  }
}

> To define a custom error message for a specific attribute and validation type (e.g., a custom message for requiredFieldError on the custom_attribute_example attribute), you need to extend the translations as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To define a custom error message for a specific attribute and validation type (for example, a custom message for `requiredFieldError` on the `custom_attribute_example` attribute), you must extend the translations as follows:
```

```json
{
 "Auth": {
   "FormText": {
     "requiredFieldError": {
       "default": "This is a required field."
       "custom_attribute_example": "Custom message - custom attribute is a required field."
     }
   }
 }
}
```

> When these changes are applied, the error message for the specific validation type (`requiredFieldError`) and attribute (`custom_attribute_example`) will be replaced with the custom message.  This approach allows merchants to provide tailored error messages for any validation type and specific input via translations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When these changes are applied, the error message for the specific validation type (`requiredFieldError`) and attribute (`custom_attribute_example`) will be replaced with the custom message. This approach allows merchants to provide tailored error messages for any validation type and specific input with translations.
```

## Default keys and values

<CodeInclude code={dictionary} title="en_US.json" lang="ts" />

## Custom error messages

Extended translation handling allows merchants to define custom error messages for specific validation types and attributes based on their attribute code. This provides greater flexibility in tailoring error messages for merchant forms. Each type of validation (configurable in the Adobe Commerce Admin) has its own default error message. The default error messages are structured as follows:

> ```json
> {
>  "Auth": {
>    "FormText": {
>      "requiredFieldError": {
>        "default": "This is a required field."
>      },
>      "numericError": {
>        "default": "Only numeric values are allowed."
>      },
>      "alphaNumWithSpacesError": {
>        "default": "Only alphanumeric characters and spaces are allowed."
>      },
>      "alphaNumericError": {
>        "default": "Only alphanumeric characters are allowed."
>      },
>      "alphaError": {
>        "default": "Only alphabetic characters are allowed."
>      },
>      "emailError": {
>        "default": "Please enter a valid email address."
>      },
>      "dateError": {
>        "default": "Please enter a valid date."
>      },
>      "dateRangeError": {
>        "default": "Date must be between {min} and {max}."
>      },
>      "dateMaxError": {
>        "default": "Date must be less than or equal to {max}."
>      },
>      "dateMinError": {
>        "default": "Date must be greater than or equal to {min}."
>      },
>      "urlError": {
>        "default": "Please enter a valid URL, e.g., https://www.website.com."
>      },
>      "lengthTextError": {
>        "default": "Text length must be between {min} and {max} characters."
>      }
>    }
>  }
> }
> ```

Reviewer 2: We reverted the changes to the default structure after discussing with Carlos to maintain backward compatibility and avoid introducing breaking changes.

```suggestion
{
  "Auth": {
    "FormText": {
      "requiredFieldError": "This is a required field.",
      "numericError": "Only numeric values are allowed.",
      "alphaNumWithSpacesError": "Only alphanumeric characters and spaces are allowed.",
      "alphaNumericError": "Only alphanumeric characters are allowed.",
      "alphaError": "Only alphabetic characters are allowed.",
      "emailError": "Please enter a valid email address.",
      "dateError": "Please enter a valid date.",
      "dateLengthError": "Date must be between {min} and {max}.",
      "dateMaxError": "Date must be less than or equal to {max}.",
      "dateMinError": "Date must be greater than or equal to {min}.",
      "urlError": "Please enter a valid URL, e.g., https://www.website.com.",
      "lengthTextError": "Text length must be between {min} and {max} characters."
    }
  }
}
```

To define a custom error message for a specific attribute and validation type (e.g., a custom message for requiredFieldError on the custom_attribute_example attribute), you need to extend the translations as follows:

```json
{
 "Auth": {
   "FormText": {
     "requiredFieldError": {
       "default": "This is a required field."
       "custom_attribute_example": "Custom message - custom attribute is a required field."
     }
   }
 }
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: No changes here, this part is still relevant and correct 👍
